Bluetooth: Controller: Ensure controller can handle flow control buffers (#19869)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

Bluetooth LE
============

.. rst-class:: v2-9-0-nRF54H20-1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0 v2-6-2 v2-6-1 v2-6-0

DRGN-24352: Missing disconnection events when HCI Controller to host flow control is enabled

>   :zephyr:code-sample:`bluetooth_hci_ipc` and :ref:`ipc_radio application` do not support stream flow control and drop bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The :zephyr:code-sample:`bluetooth_hci_ipc` sample and :ref:`ipc_radio application` application do not support stream flow control and drop bytes.
```

  With the deferred disconnection complete generation added in the |NCS| v2.6.0, there are cases where the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` Kconfig option has value ``y``, and the value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_CMD_TX_COUNT` is smaller than (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_ACL_RX_COUNT` + 1).
  This might result in dropped HCI command packets.

>   The symptom visible is a missing disconnect event, and subsequent failure in connection, if a peripheral device falls out of range or is powered off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The visible symptom is a missing disconnect event and subsequent failure in connection, if a peripheral device falls out of range or is powered off.
```

>   **Workaround:** Users should ensure that the value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_ACL_RX_COUNT` is smaller than the one for :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_CMD_TX_COUNT` in their project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Make sure that the value of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_ACL_RX_COUNT` Kconfig option is smaller than the one for :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_CMD_TX_COUNT` in your project.
```

> .. rst-class:: v2-9-0-nRF54H20-rc1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0 v2-6-2 v2-6-1 v2-6-0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v2-9-0-nRF54H20-1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0 v2-6-2 v2-6-1 v2-6-0
```

> DRGN-24352: hci_ipc and ipc_radio samples do not support stream flow control and drop bytes

Reviewer: Have proper sample links.

Reviewer: Probablylike this: The :zephyr:code-sample:`bluetooth_hci_ipc` sample and the :ref:`ipc_radio application

>   With the deferred disconnection complete generation added in v2-6-0, we see in cases of CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL=y, and the CONFIG_BT_BUF_CMD_TX_COUNT  < (CONFIG_BT_BUF_ACL_RX_COUNT + 1), we may drop HCI command packets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  With the deferred disconnection complete generation added in the |NCS| v2.6.0, there are cases where the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` Kconfig option has value ``y``, and the value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_CMD_TX_COUNT` is smaller than (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_ACL_RX_COUNT` + 1).
 This might result in dropped HCI command packets.
```

>   The symptom visible is a missing disconnect event, and subsequent failure in connection, if a peripheral device falls out of range / is powered off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The symptom visible is a missing disconnect event, and subsequent failure in connection, if a peripheral device falls out of range or is powered off.
```

>   **Workaround:** Build Assert added to ensure CONFIG_BT_CTLR_RX_BUFFERS < BT_BUF_CMD_TX_COUNT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Added a build assert to ensure that the value of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_RX_BUFFERS` Kconfig option is smaller than the one for :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_CMD_TX_COUNT`.

> .. rst-class:: v2-9-0-nRF54H20-rc1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0 v2-6-2 v2-6-1 v2-6-0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v2-9-0-nRF54H20-1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0 v2-6-2 v2-6-1 v2-6-0
```

Author: I see the whole document has `v2-9-0-nRF54H20-rc1` instead of `v2-9-0-nRF54H20-1`, for now I'll only change it to the lines I add.

Reviewer: Yep, there is a known issues PR on the way with this change.

Reviewer 2: This is fixed in PR https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/19745/files. I will add the above Known Issue (DRGN-24352) to my PR. Then you can remove this from this PR.

Reviewer 2: Added the KI here : https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/19745/commits/2a61707db2287e8fb7920ce200bb68b666c26350#diff-ee0dccdeb128318fece35831492e72bbfacff038886061fd9fde5d17c6db7919R192

.. rst-class:: v2-9-0-nRF54H20-rc1 v2-9-0 v2-8-0 v2-7-0 v2-6-3 v2-6-2 v2-6-1 v2-6-0

DRGN-24352: Missing disconnection events when HCI Controller to host flow control is enabled
  The :zephyr:code-sample:`bluetooth_hci_ipc` sample and :ref:`ipc_radio` application do not support stream flow control and drop bytes.

>   With the deferred disconnection complete generation added in the |NCS| v2.6.0, there are cases where the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` Kconfig option has value ``y``, and the value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_CMD_TX_COUNT` is smaller than (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_ACL_RX_COUNT` + 1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  With the deferred disconnection complete generation added in the |NCS| v2.6.0, there are cases where the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_HCI_ACL_FLOW_CONTROL` Kconfig option has value ``y``, and the value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_CMD_TX_COUNT` is smaller than :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_BUF_ACL_RX_COUNT` + 1.
```
